# LOEPWP-generator
Automates the 'List of Effective Pages/Work Packages' XML code creation for military technical manuals complaint with the MIL-STD-2361B standard. 

This application will generate a (nearly) complete List of effective pages/work packages section, output is XML, ready to drop into the existing TM XML code.
One thing that must be done manually is the the page count of the front and rear matter as it was not feasable to do programatically.

How to use:

1. Launch the application - This tool can be run from the network using the shortcut outside of the folder. If you want to run this locally, you need to copy the entire folder as it contains file that the application needs in order to run.

2. Click the button labeled "Import TM source code (Example TM.xml)" and browse to the XML document that was used to produce the PDF you will select in step 3.

3. Click the button labeled "Import published TM (Example TM.pdf)" and browse to the PDF file that was generated by the XML code selected in the previous step. This will take a moment or two depending on the size of the PDF file selected.

4. (Optional) Set the Date of Issue using the date picker labeled "Date of issue:". This will format the date and generate the julian date. If you skip this step, the data in the date and julian date fields will be set as "XXXXXXX" and need to be updated manually.

5. (Optional) Check the box labeled "Insert WP # comment tags". This will insert comment tags before every work package tag to show the actual number of the work package.

6. Click the button labeled "Generate LOEPWP code". This will create the XML output in the window labeled "LOEPWP Code output preview".

7. Export code - Clicking the button labeled "Export Code" will prompt the user to save the output as a text file. Clicking the button labeled "Copy to Clipboard" will copy the code into the computer's memory and can be pasted over the existing <loepwp> tag section.

8. The functionality of the "Quit" and "Reset Form" buttons should be obvious.
